README.md, before:

Here's an updated version of your README file, incorporating information from your GitHub repository and relevant data sources:

---

# Kenya Remittance Dashboard 🌍📊

![Kenya Remittance Dashboard](https://kenya-remittance-dashboard.onrender.com)

## Overview

The **Kenya Remittance Dashboard** is an interactive web application that visualizes remittance inflows to Kenya. This project showcases data science skills in data cleaning, analysis, and visualization, providing insights into remittance trends over time.

## Features

- **Data Cleaning and Analysis**: Utilizes Jupyter notebooks for data preprocessing and exploratory data analysis.
- **Interactive Visualizations**: Built with Plotly Dash to provide dynamic charts and graphs.
- **Deployment**: Hosted on Render for public access.

## Technology Stack

- **Data Analysis**: Python, Pandas, Jupyter Notebook
- **Visualization**: Plotly, Dash
- **Deployment**: Render

## Live Demo

Explore the live dashboard here: [Kenya Remittance Dashboard](https://kenya-remittance-dashboard.onrender.com)

## Installation

To run this project locally:

1. Clone this repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/samy-migwi/Kenya-remittance-dashboard.git
   cd Kenya-remittance-dashboard
   ```
2. Create and activate a virtual environment:
   ```bash
   python -m venv venv
   source venv/bin/activate  # For MacOS/Linux
   venv\Scripts\activate     # For Windows
   ```
3. Install the required dependencies:
   ```bash
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```
4. Run the app:
   ```bash
   python app.py
   ```
5. Visit the app at `http://127.0.0.1:8050/` in your browser.

## Data Source

The data used in this project is sourced from the Central Bank of Kenya's [Diaspora Remittances](https://www.centralbank.go.ke/diaspora-remittances/) reports. The dataset includes monthly remittance values from January 2004 to October 2024.

## Project Structure

```plaintext
Kenya-remittance-dashboard/
├── app.py                  # Main application script
├── assets/                 # CSS and assets for styling
├── data/                   # Data files
├── notebooks/              # Jupyter notebooks for data analysis
├── requirements.txt        # Python dependencies
└── README.md               # Project documentation
```

## Key Insights

1. **Growth Over Time**: Remittance inflows have increased significantly, reaching an all-time high of USD 437 million in October 2024. 
2. **Regional Contributions**: North America remains a leading source of remittances to Kenya. 
3. **Economic Impact**: Remittances are a vital source of foreign exchange, equivalent to more than 3% of Kenya’s GDP. 

## Contributions

Contributions are welcome! If you'd like to add features or fix issues, please fork the repository and submit a pull request.

## Contact

**Author**: [Samy Migwi](https://github.com/samy-migwi)

For questions or feedback, feel free to reach out via email: [samy.migwi002@gmail.com](mailto:samy.migwi002@gmail.com).

## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

---

Commit message:

Update README.md  for the previous commits

README.md, after:


# Kenya Remittance Dashboard 🌍📊

![Kenya Remittance Dashboard](https://kenya-remittance-dashboard.onrender.com)
<img width="1814" height="924" alt="Screenshot From 2025-09-03 20-30-27" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/88426e14-fa0b-4274-a5a0-fe454f1bcf76" />


## Overview

The **Kenya Remittance Dashboard** is an interactive web application that visualizes remittance inflows to Kenya. This project showcases data science skills in data cleaning, analysis, and visualization, providing insights into remittance trends over time.

## Features

- **Data Cleaning and Analysis**: Utilizes Jupyter notebooks for data preprocessing and exploratory data analysis.
- **Interactive Visualizations**: Built with Plotly Dash to provide dynamic charts and graphs.
- **Deployment**: Hosted on Render for public access.

## Technology Stack

- **Data Analysis**: Python, Pandas, Jupyter Notebook
- **Visualization**: Plotly, Dash
- **Deployment**: Render

## Live Demo

Explore the live dashboard here: [Kenya Remittance Dashboard](https://kenya-remittance-dashboard.onrender.com)

## Installation

To run this project locally:

1. Clone this repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/samy-migwi/Kenya-remittance-dashboard.git
   cd Kenya-remittance-dashboard
   ```
2. Create and activate a virtual environment:
   ```bash
   python -m venv venv
   source venv/bin/activate  # For MacOS/Linux
   venv\Scripts\activate     # For Windows
   ```
3. Install the required dependencies:
   ```bash
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```
4. Run the app:
   ```bash
   python app.py
   ```
5. Visit the app at `http://127.0.0.1:8050/` in your browser.

## Data Source

The data used in this project is sourced from the Central Bank of Kenya's [Diaspora Remittances](https://www.centralbank.go.ke/diaspora-remittances/) reports. The dataset includes monthly remittance values from January 2004 to October 2024.

## Project Structure

```plaintext
Kenya-remittance-dashboard/
├── assets                  # Main application script
├── data                 # CSS and assets for styling
├── notebook                  # Data files
├── src/assets            # I cointain the icons 
├── src/app.py        # dashboard app engine
├── README.md        #  readme and know who we are .
├── render.yaml        # yaml file for the render server
├── requirements.txt       # Python requirements
└── sampletest.py              # The very first version of the dashbaord i keep it for later reference
```

## Key Insights

1. **Growth Over Time**: Remittance inflows have increased significantly, reaching an all-time high of USD 437 million in October 2024. 
2. **Regional Contributions**: North America remains a leading source of remittances to Kenya. 
3. **Economic Impact**: Remittances are a vital source of foreign exchange, equivalent to more than 3% of Kenya’s GDP. 

## Contributions

Contributions are welcome! If you'd like to add features or fix issues, please fork the repository and submit a pull request.

## Contact

**Author**: [Samy Migwi](https://github.com/samy-migwi)

For questions or feedback, feel free to reach out via email: [samy.migwi002@gmail.com](mailto:samy.migwi002@gmail.com).

## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

---
